make a truck delivery system for truck drivers and the supervisors. The supervisors are able to track multiple truck drivers and their location and their previous deliveries and current delivery status.
The truck drivers use the app passively as in when they leave for a dilvery it tracks it automatically and it makes sure that the truck drivers dont wait around too long and finish the deliveries on time.
The truck drivers are given some time for rest in between the deliveries and the app should be able to track that and make sure that they are taking proper rest. The app tracks the truck drivers based on geofencing 
but since this is a demo dont include gps just show it (using dummy data). When the truck drivers reach the destination for a delivery they should be able to scan the recipt given by the customer and 
if the recipt is valid the delivery should be marked as completed. Include features that make sense and also make the dashboard look good. The dashboard should have a map showing all the truck drivers and their current status and their destination and how much time it will take for them to reach the destination, but only for the supervisor make it look very good and clean looking since it should attract the attention of potential customers.
Include features that make sense that i havent included and features you think would be useful for a truck delivery system. THe truck drivers can see the routes and the deliveries assigned to them and the history of deliveries they have made and can see the route to take and it shoukd give an approximate time for the route and the driver should complete it close to that time.
The supervisor can see the approximate time it would take and the actual time and if the driver is taking too long to complete the delivery the supervisor should be able to get an alert and call them and ask for an update. Also the supervisor can see the history of deliveries they have made and can see the route to take and it should give an approximate time for the route and the driver should complete it close to that time.
If the location doesnt move for more than 30 minutes then they are either taking rest or have reached the destination the  app can check if they have reached via gps and stop the time, also include a feature that based on the weight of the truck it can calculate the fuel needed for the trip and alert the supervisor if the truck is low on fuel.
make a very good and clean looking dashboard with real time updates. Make a comprehensive app from this, remember that its a demo so no need for actual gps. and make sign in page for both supervisor and truck driver and make a landing page as well.